Welcome back.
So we've just been discovering how to create dashboards with basic Dasch syntax as well as how to answer
a polygraph which you're already really Miller.
That syntax into a dash dashboard.
So let's test your skills with a simple dashboard exercise and this lecture will give you a little bit
of background for the exercise.
Show you an example of what the finished product should look like and then the next lecture will go
over the actual solution.
So in case you're not familiar Old Faithful is a cold geyser located in Yellowstone National Park in
Wyoming United States and you can see there a picture of it.
And since 2000 it's intervals have varied from 44 to 125 minutes between eruptions.
So it's really interesting.
Is that Old Faithful is currently bi modal.
It has two eruptions durations.
They're either long eruptions over four minutes or they're short eruptions two to two and a half minutes.
So the short eruptions lead to an interval of just over an hour of weight and long eruptions lead to
an interval of about one to one and a half hours.
So we're going to be plotting out that data that we already have stored for you in a scatterplot.
So now we understand kind of the background behind that data.
Let's go ahead and explore that actual exercise file a little more and then show you what the actual
solution should look like when you create the dashboard.
OK so here we are at the exercise file.
So again the objective here is going to be build a dashboard that imports Old Faithful that CXVII.
So that's in the data directory and it's going to display a scatterplot.
So the field names inside that CACP file is D which is the date of the recordings in month and the month
was in August that X is a duration of the current eruption in minutes.
And then why is the waiting time until the next eruption in minutes.
So we're going to be doing is just following along here you'll perform imports and then launch the application
create a data frame creat that Daschle out that contains that graph component.
Use what you know about bluntly and then eventually run this.
And I believe there ad server clause.
So let me go in and show you what the actual finished dashboard is going to look like.
So you can understand how to actually use these field names.
All right so here we have the dashboard that you're going to be creating centrally.
Just a single scatterplot here.
And what you're doing is on the x axis you're going to be plotting out that duration of the current
eruption.
So the x axis is going to be that X column and the y axis is the interval until the next eruption in
minutes.
So that's going to be that y column.
And essentially the date of the actual recording column D you don't really need to use it for this scatterplot
so it'll just be plenty X versus Y on the scatterplot.
So pretty straightforward.
The thing that's interesting to see here is kind of these two groupings.
So when you have a short duration of eruption typically they travel to the next your option is not as
long.
And then when you have a longer interruption you have a longer interval until the next eruption.
So you kind of see this by motile behavior.
All right.
So if you have any questions feel free to post the Kewney forums but basically here you're just building
this scatterplot dashboard.
Best of luck and we'll see you at the next lecture.
We go over the solutions.